term: remove Dvcfile from repro cmd ref. (#1504)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/repro.md

                 [--no-commit] [--downstream] [targets [targets ...]]

positional arguments:

>   targets        Stage to reproduce.

Reviewer: "or .dvc file" should stay.

Author: But now the pipeline information is being kept in `dvc.yaml` file and I have seen that no `.dvc` file is being generated when you execute `dvc run` but a new entry is added to `dvc.yaml` file. So how the target would be a .dvc file? 

Rather we can say like -
`Stage to reproduce or one of the entry under dvc.yaml file`.

Reviewer: Nope. That suggestion is redundant. Again, the original text is correct: "Stage or .dvc file to reproduce" but without period `.` BTW.

Author: >  but without period `.`

You mean it should be -  `Stage or DVC file to reproduce` ?

by the [stage files](/doc/command-reference/run) (DVC-files with dependencies)
that are found in the <abbr>project</abbr>. The commands defined in these stages
can then be executed in the correct order, reproducing pipeline results.
`dvc repro` relies on the DAG definition that it reads from `dvc.yaml`, and uses

> `dvc.lock` to determine what exactly needs to be run.

Reviewer: Thanks but this is out of scope for this PR. The whole cmd ref. needs to be rewritten so no use in adding a small update here, probably. Unless it was needed to explain the Dvcfile removal but I don' think that's the case?

Author: Ok Sure! will add it later when updating command reference.

Reviewer: > See #1572

## Examples

For simplicity, let's build a pipeline defined below. (If you want get your

> hands-on something more real, see this short

Reviewer: Thanks!

Author: My Pleasure! 😁

And runs a few simple transformations to filter and count numbers:

```dvc
$ dvc run -n filter -d text.txt -o numbers.txt \
           "cat text.txt | egrep '[0-9]+' > numbers.txt"

$ dvc run -n count -d numbers.txt -d process.py -M count.txt \
           "python process.py numbers.txt > count.txt"
```

> Note that a stage name is required when executing `dvc run`. It can be
> specified with `-n` (`--name`) option as we did above.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks! In this case I would just get rid of the note altogether.

Reviewer: @sarthakforwet this is not updated, yet you resolved the conversation. Again please don't resolve conversations, I'll do that when I check again. Unresolving. Thanks

```dvc
$ dvc repro
Stage 'filter' didn't change, skipping
Running stage 'count' with command:
        python3 process.py numbers.txt > count.txt
Updating lock file 'dvc.lock'
```

You can now check that `dvc.lock` and `count.txt` have been updated with the new

> information and updated dependency/output file hash values, and a new result,

Reviewer: I'll commit this one:
```suggestion
information: updated dependency/output file hash values, and a new result,
```

```dvc
$ dvc repro --downstream
Data and pipelines are up to date.
```

> The reason being that the `text.txt` file is a dependency in the target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason being that the `text.txt` file is a dependency in the `count` stage.
```

> [DVC-file](/doc/user-guide/dvc-files-and-directories). This `count` stage is
> dependent on `filter` stage, which happens first in this pipeline (shown in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This last `count` stage is
dependent on `filter` stage, which happens first in this pipeline (shown in the
```
